**Suggested implementation strategy**

It is **highly suggested** that you implement the functions in this
order:

-   First, use cheat_interest_points() instead of get_interest_points().
    This function will only work for the 3 image pairs with ground truth
    correspondence. This function cannot be used in your final
    implementation. It directly loads interest points from the the
    ground truth correspondences for the test cases. Even with this
    cheating, your accuracy will initially be near zero because the
    starter code features are all zeros and the starter code matches are
    random. get_interest_points() returns non-integer values, but
    you\'ll have to cut patches out at integer coordinates. You could
    address this by rounding the coordinates or doing some form of
    interpolation. Your own get_features() can also return non-integer
    coordinates (many methods do try to localize interest points to
    sub-pixel coordinates).

-   Second, change get_features() to return a simple feature. Start
    with, for instance, 16x16 patches centered on each interest point.
    Image patches aren\'t a great feature (they\'re not invariant to
    brightness change, contrast change, or small spatial shifts) but
    this is simple to implement and provides a baseline. You won\'t see
    your accuracy increase yet because the placeholder code in
    match_features() is randomly assigning matches.

-   Third, implement match_features(). Accuracy should increase to \~40%
    on the Notre Dame pair if you\'re using 16x16 (256 dimensional)
    patches as your feature and if you only evaluate your 100 most
    confident matches. Accuracy on the other test cases will be lower
    (Mount Rushmore 25%, Episcopal Gaudi 7%). If you\'re sorting your
    matches by confidence (as the starter code does in match_features())
    you should notice that your more confident matches (which pass the
    ratio test more easily) are more likely to be true matches.

-   Fourth, finish get_features() by implementing a sift-like feature.
    Accuracy should increase to 70% on the Notre Dame pair, 40% on Mount
    Rushmore, and 15% on Episcopal Gaudi if you only evaluate your 100
    most confident matches. These accuracies still aren\'t great because
    the human selected key-points from cheat_interest_points() might not
    match particularly well according to your feature.

-   Fifth, stop using cheat_interest_points() and implement
    get_interest_points(). Harris corners aren\'t as good as
    ground-truth points which we know correspond, so accuracy may drop.
    On the other hand, you can get hundreds or even a few thousand
    interest points so you have more opportunities to find confident
    matches. If you only evaluate the most confident 100 matches (see
    the num_pts_to_evaluate parameter) on the Notre Dame pair, you
    should be able to achieve 90% accuracy. As long as your accuracy on
    the Notre Dame image pair is 80% for the 100 most confident matches
    you can receive full credit for the project. When you implement
    adaptive non-maximal suppression your accuracy should improve even
    more.



